Add requirement for matching acc groups to be created before assessment (#4017)
databrickslabs/ucx: docs/ucx/docs/reference/workflows/index.mdx

[inventory database](/docs/installation#installation-resources) so that it can be used for further analysis and decision-making through
the [assessment report](/docs/reference/assessment).

> > Account groups matching workspace local groups in which UCX is installed need to exist before running assessment, you can run [`create-account-groups` command](/docs/reference/commands#create-account-groups) command before running the assessment workflow.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Account groups matching workspace local groups in which UCX is installed need to exist before running assessment.<br/>
The account groups can be created in one of three ways:

1. Manually created using the "Account Console".
2. Using SCIM or other service utilizing the Account API.
3. Using the [`create-account-groups` command](/docs/reference/commands#create-account-groups) command.

```
